{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Content\
\
\
Tools\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 Marvel\
{\listtext	\'95	}UXPin\
{\listtext	\'95	}Adobe InDesign
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Deliverables\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Competitive analysis\
{\listtext	\'95	}Heuristic analysis\
{\listtext	\'95	}Persona\
{\listtext	\'95	}User flow and user story\
{\listtext	\'95	}Wireframe and wire flow\
{\listtext	\'95	}Low-fidelity prototype\
{\listtext	\'95	}High-fidelity prototype
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Problem
\b0 \
This collaborative project began with a prompt - design a hypothetical app or app feature for Washington DC\'92s Metro system that would alleviate a major pinpoint. Given the current state of metro (undergoing major repairs and overhauls leading to long delays and crowded stations), we identified this problem: Metro riders are unable to quickly check their SmartTrip metrocard balance or add value while on the go. \
\

\b Competitive and heuristic analysis
\b0 \
As a team we conducted a thorough competitive analysis, and then reached consensus on two apps with features that inspired the functionality of our app. Both apps, Chik-Fil-A and the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) allow users to add monetary value to a linked account. Chik-Fil-A follows a Starbucks model, where the user is able to transfer value via linked credit/debit card or bank account and use that balance to make in-app purchases at brick-and-mortar stores. According to our competitive analysis, MBTA\'92s app is the only transit app (official or otherwise) that allows users purchase tickets, despite the prevalence of transit-management/information apps on the market.\
\
[Competitive analysis]\
\
Following the competitive analysis, we identified several areas in which we could improve upon existing app designs to create a WMATA transit app that is both useful and novel:\
\
1. Allow users to check their SmartTrip card balance in real-time, and reload if balance is low.\
2. Create an app feature that allows a user to link a payment method to their SmartTrip metro card.\
\

\b Proto persona and user story\

\b0 After identifying the core problems, we created a primary persona, Naomi. \
\
Naomi is a busy young professional who commutes into downtown DC from the neighboring suburbs. Since she has a long commute, her time is precious. She is easily frustrated by long lines and dreads having to refill her SmartTrip card at the metro station. Although she knows that there\'92s a way to auto-reload her card online, she tends to do all her computing on her smartphone. Occasionally her SmartTrip balance runs low, so she wants a way to reload her card quickly as she enters the metro station or boards a metro bus. \
\
\
[persona]\
\
\
When Naomi opens the WMATA app in the metro station, she is able to check her SmartTrip card balance and quickly add money if needed, all before she reaches the turnstiles.\
\
[user flow] \

\b \
Wireframe and wire flows
\b0 \
Based on the persona and user story we developed, we know that our app needed to be designed with ease of use and simplicity in mind. Specifically, Naomi should be able to see her balance immediately after opening the app, and she needs to be able to add money to her SmartTrip card in less than the time it takes to enter a station and pass through the turnstile (roughly a minute or so).\
\
Using these guiding principles, our priorities were to create a simple home screen with clear call to actions that prioritized high impact/high value information like current balance. We also valued transparency and simplicity in the add-money process by giving the user the option to toggle back and forth to edit or cancel their payment, as well as providing a confirmation page and a page indicating that adding value to their card was successful. We felt this was important that users knew they could trust our app to add value to their SmartTrip card. It was important to us that our users not experience stress about whether their app payment went through as they\'92re rushing to catch their train. \
\
[Wireframe]\
[Wireflows]\
\
\

\b Usability testing
\b0 \
We created an interactive low-fidelity prototype of our app using Marvel. \
\
[Marvel link]\
\
Usability testing revealed some flaws that we suspected might be confusing or problematic to users. In the first iteration, the hamburger menu icon was located on the right of the screen, yet in our wireframe the expandable menu extended from the left of the screen. Testers noted that this was odd, as they expected it to extend from the menu icon itself rather than the opposite side of the screen. We also noted a few gaps in logic during the test, such as the lack of a pop-up keyboard during one portion of the payment process. \
\
Overall, however, comments from testers demonstrated they felt our app was easy to use and highly functional in their daily lives.\
\

\b Results
\b0 \
Drawing from our usability testing results and feedback from our mentors, I created a high-fidelity prototype using UXPin. \
\
[prototype]\
\
Future iterations of the app could include metro line service maps and train schedules. The success of this project was due to a highly collaborative time and a clearly defined focus. We were very cognizant about the need to create a functional MVP that was informed by our guiding principles and took into account the user story and persona needs. \
}